Chumley: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
THIS IS SACRED GROUND.
YOU MUST LEAVE
HERE IMMEDIATELY.
YOU ARE
IN VERY GRAVE DANGER.
Alexis: SOMEONE!
HELP US!
ALEXIS?!
IS THAT YOU?
HUH?
[GROANING]
OH NO...HUH?
GET DOWN!
AAH!
AND YOUR
NAME WOULD BE...
I'M THE GRAVEKEEPER
CHIEF.
I SHALL PARDON
YOUR TRESPASSES...
GIVEN...YOU CAN
SURVIVE MY CHALLENGE.
WELL WHAT'S
THE CHALLENGE?
NOW YOU'RE
SPEAKIN' MY LANGUAGE!
YOU'RE ON!
BUT ONLY IF YOU
PARDON ALL MY FRIENDS
ALONG WITH ME, DEAL?!
SO BE IT,
IF YOU WIN.
ALRIGHT!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
AND NOW: MY GRAVEKEEPER'S
CURSE WILL DESTROY THAT CUR!
TAKE HIM DOWN!
AAH!
WHEN HE'S DESTROYED,
I GET TWO CARDS
BACK FROM THE GRAVE.
NECROVALLEY
NEGATES THAT EFFECT!
HUH?!
ANY SPELL, TRAP
OR MONSTER EFFECT...
INVOLVING THE GRAVEYARD...
IS COMPLETELY USELESS!
[THINKING]
IF I DON'T GET
MY GAME ON...
WE'RE ALL GONNA BE
LONG GONE!
HEH HEH HEH!
HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[SCREAMING]
Gravekeeper's Chief:
FRET NOT, YOU WON'T HEAR
YOUR FRIEND'S SCREAMS...
WHEN THEY'RE MUFFLED
BY THE BURIED EARTH!
HEH HEH.
OHH.
JADEN...
I KNOW YOU
CAN WIN THIS, JAY!
AND I KNOW I WANT
OUTTA HERE!!!
ALRIGHT! NOW LET'S
FINISH THIS!
[KURIBOH HOOTS]
HUH?
I SHOULDA KNOWN.
YOU'RE ALWAYS AROUND
TO GET MY BACK.
OR IN THIS CASE...
TO GUARD MY FRONT--
WINGED KURIBOH!
I'M SUMMONIN' YOU...
IN DEFENSE MODE!
HANG ON, GUYS...
I'LL GET YOU
OUTTA THERE!
YOUR MOVE!
HOW FITTING.
THE BLIND LEAD
THE BLIND...
AND THE WEAK
PROTECT THE WEAK.
HIDING BEHIND
THAT KURIBOH
MAY BE YOUR IDEA
OF DEFENSE,
BUT IN MY WORLD...
RODENTS LIKE THAT ARE
FOR POUNDING,
NOT PROTECTION.
HE'S NO RODENT!
HE'S ONE OF MY
VERY BEST FRIENDS!
[THINKING]
AND YOU'RE ABOUT
TO SEE WHY...
WELL, WITH FRIENDS
LIKE YOU,
HE NEEDS NO ENEMIES...
AFTER ALL...
YOU'VE JUST THROWN HIM
TO THE WOLVES!
WRONG!
BECAUSE I GOTTA
SPELL CARD OUT--
TRANSCENDENT WINGS!
NOW BY GIVIN' UP
TWO CARDS,
WINGED KURIBOH
EVOLVES...
WAY UP TO LEVEL 10!
[HOOTING]
AS FOOLHARDY AS IT
WAS PREDICTABLE.
BRAINLESS CUR!
I KNEW THAT YOU
WOULD PLAY THAT!
HUH?
WHICH IS WHY...
I HAVE THIS READY!
FEAST YOUR EYES!
THE POWER
OF GRAVEKEEPER'S WATCHER!
WHAT THE...?
HEY, WHAT'S HAPPENIN'?
FOOL...THE SAME
THING THAT'S
BEEN HAPPENING
THIS WHOLE DUEL--
YOU'RE LOSING!
YOU SEE,
BY SENDING WATCHER
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
I CAN NEGATE
YOUR LEVEL UP!
ERR!
AND SINCE I HAVE...
I'LL NOW WAGE AN ATTACK!
STEALTH SLICE STRIKE!
[HOOTING]
HYAH!
AAH!
SORRY,
WINGED KURIBOH.
YOU TOOK ONE
FOR THE TEAM THERE.
THANKS, PAL.
GOOD THING WINGED
KURIBOH WAS THERE!
YOU CAN SAY
THAT AGAIN, SY!
HIS EFFECT MAKES IT
SO JADEN DOESN'T TAKE
ANY DAMAGE
DURING THE TURN
THAT HE'S DESTROYED.
THAT'S TRUE...
NOW WE JUST HAVE TO
WORRY ABOUT NEXT TURN.
BECAUSE NOW JADEN DOESN'T
HAVE ANY MONSTERS OUT!
LET'S SEE...
I'VE COUNTERED YOUR MOVE...
I'VE DESTROYED
YOUR RODENT...
THERE'S NOT MUCH LEFT
TO DO BUT...
PLACE A FACEDOWN.
HEY, ENOUGH!
WINGED KURIBOH'S
NO RODENT!
WOULD YOU PREFER
VERMIN?
OR PERHAPS RAT?!
THAT'S IT! MY DRAW!
HMM. FIRST...
I'M ACTIVATIN'
POT OF GREED!
AND WITH THIS SPELL,
I CAN DRAW TWO
MORE CARDS!
AND NOW...
I'LL PLAY ONE!
DARK CATAPULTER!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!
I PLAY MIRAGE
OF NIGHTMARE!
AND I'M GONNA
THROW DOWN...
THREE FACEDOWNS!
[THINKING]
OKAY...THAT SHOULD
DO IT...
AND THAT SHOULD
SET ME UP
PERFECTLY TO WIN
THIS MATCH!
I END MY TURN!
VERY WELL, MY DRAW!
AND MY CHANCE TO
ACTIVATE THAT
MIRAGE CARD!
DURIN' YOUR
STANDBY PHASE
IT LETS ME KEEP
DRAWIN'
UNTIL I HAVE
FOUR CARDS
IN MY HAND!
SWEET!!
SWEET? DOES THAT
WRETCHED SLANG
MEAN YOU'VE DRAWN
SOME GOOD CARDS?
WELL, DON'T BE SO SURE.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT IS GOOD
BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE UP AGAINST!
[THINKING]
I DON'T LIKE
THE SOUND OF THIS...
I NOW SACRIFICE
GRAVEKEEPER'S CURSE
TO...SUMMON MYSELF!
SUMMON YOURSELF?
DUE TO NECROVALLEY'S
EFFECT,
I GAIN 500 ATTACK POINTS!
AND AS LONG AS
I'M ON THE FIELD...
MY GRAVEYARD'S NOT
AFFECTED BY NECROVALLEY!
MEANING I CAN USE TRAPS,
SPELLS AND MONSTER EFFECTS
ON ANY MONSTERS
LAID TO REST THERE.
AND THAT'S NOT ALL,
I ALSO GET TO SUMMON
ONE GRAVEKEEPER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
NO WAY...
RISE, GRAVEKEEPER'S
SPEAR SOLDIER!
AND NOW I'LL PLAY...
THE TRAP...
KNOWN AS RITE OF SPIRIT!
THIS LETS ME SUMMON
YET ANOTHER GRAVEKEEPER!
AND I CHOOSE
GRAVEKEEPER'S CURSE!
WHEN THIS CARD IS SUMMONED,
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE
ARE DEALT...
TO YOU!
AAH!
BEHOLD...THE POWER
OF THE SHADOW GAME!
SHADOW GAME?!
IS THAT WHAT
THIS IS?!
YES, AND THE GAME'S
ALMOST OVER.
FOR YOU,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
AND FOR YOUR FRIENDS!
[SCREAMING]
COME ON, JADEN!
YOU'VE GOTTA GET
YOUR GAME ON!
YOU'VE GOTTA GET IT
ON FOR YOUR FRIENDS!
THEY'RE ALL
COUNTIN' ON YOU!
AND I WON'T LET 'EM DOWN!
ESPECIALLY WHEN
DOWN MEANS...
SIX FEET UNDER
IN AN OLD SARCOPHAGUS!
NO WAY, NO HOW--
THEY'RE COMIN' HOME!
YES! THEIR ETERNAL HOME!
ASSAILANT ATTACK!
AND WITH NECROVALLEY
STILL OUT...
IT WILL BE AN ATTACK
THAT'S 500 POINTS STRONGER!
MORE THAN ENOUGH
TO DESTROY THAT
CATAPULTER
ESPECIALLY SINCE
MY ASSAILANT'S
SPECIAL EFFECT
HAS JUST CHANGED ITS
BATTLE MODE TO OFFENSE!
[SIGHS]
FACE IT,
YOU'VE LOST THE DUEL!
I DON'T THINK SO!
GO, EMERGENCY
PROVISIONS!
NOW BY SENDIN' TWO
SPELL OR TRAP CARDS
ON MY FIELD
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
I REGAIN 2000
LIFE POINTS!
CURSE YOU!
BUT ASSAILANT'S ATTACK
STILL CUTS THROUGH!
GO, STEALTH SLICE STRIKE!
HYAH!
YOU SHOULD HAVE
ATTACKED FASTER!
HUH?
HEY, IT'S NOT HER
FAULT YOU MESSED UP!
IT'S YOUR OWN!
SHUT YOUR MOUTH.
BETTER YET, WHY DON'T I
JUST SHUT IT FOR YOU?
AFTER ALL...
DO NOT FORGET
THAT I STILL HAVE
AN ATTACK!
AND NOW I...
WILL USE IT!
OH, NO YOU WON'T!
GO, TRAP CARD,
DRAINING SHIELD!
YOU CAN'T!
OH, I CAN--
AND I DID--
YOUR ATTACK'S
CANCELLED OUT!
BUT THERE'S MORE,
TOO,
NOW I GAIN LIFE
POINTS EQUAL
TO YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
PRETTY SWEET, HUH?
FOOL!
SO YOU BLOCKED
ONE ATTACK!
BUT STILL!
I HAVE ANOTHER!
GO, SPEAR SOLDIER!
[GROANING]
AND NOW...GRAVEKEEPER'S
CURSE ATTACKS ...
WITH DOOMSDAY PURGE!
HUH?
[SCREAMING]
[GROANING]
YOU'RE PROVING TO BE
EVEN LESS OF A CHALLENGE
THAN I THOUGHT!
COME NOW!
FIGHT BACK, THIS IS
BARELY FUN ANY MORE!
HA HA HA!
HUH?
REALLY?!
CUZ I'M HAVING
A BLAST!
YOUR FRIENDS' LIVES
HANG BY BUT A THREAD...
AND YOU...YOU SAY...
THAT YOU ARE
HAVING A BLAST?!
YA GOT THAT RIGHT!
CUZ NO THREAD'S
ABOUT TO BE CUT...
I'M JUST ONE TURN
AWAY FROM WINNIN'
THIS DUEL!
YOU'RE WRONG!
AND ONCE YOU SEE WHAT
I'M ABOUT TO PLAY...
YOU WILL SEE WHY!
GO, ROYAL TRIBUTE!!
IT'S A SPELL...
THAT I CAN ACTIVATE...
SO LONG AS I HAVE
NECROVALLEY ON MY FIELD.
NOW WE DISCARD
ALL MONSTERS IN OUR HAND...
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
HUH? OHH!
NOT GOOD...
NO, IT'S NOT.
WELL, IT'S NOT
FOR YOU, AT LEAST.
FOR NOW...WHATEVER
MONSTERS YOU WERE
PLANNING TO WIN WITH...
ARE GONE.
[THINKING]
AND THE ONLY CARD
I HAVE LEFT
IS THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE
WHICH I CAN'T
EVEN USE CUZ
OF NECROVALLEY.
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THIS!
WITH NO MONSTERS,
IF I'M GONNA
SAVE MY FRIENDS,
I'VE GOTTA
DRAW SOMETHIN'
BIG RIGHT NOW!
ALRIGHT!
HERE GOES SOMETHIN'!
[THINKING]
SWEET! ELEMENTAL
HERO BLADEDGE,
ONE OF MY MOST
POWERFUL CREATURES!
HA HA HA!
DRAWN A GOOD
MONSTER, HAVE YOU?
SHAME YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO SACRIFICE
SO YOU CAN SUMMON IT!
[THINKING]
HUH? HE'S RIGHT.
IF I'M GONNA BRING
OUT BLADEDGE
I'D NEED TO TRADE
TWO MONSTERS
FOR IT...
AND I DON'T
HAVE ANY!
HMM.
HA HA!
BUT THEN AGAIN...
ON SECOND THOUGHT...
MAYBE, JUST MAYBE
I DON'T NEED ANY!
YEAH--FOR SURE,
NECROVALLEY
FIELD SPELL CARD
IS ALL I NEED!
PLEASE! NECROVALLEY SIMPLY
NEGATES ANY EFFECTS
AIMED AT MONSTERS
IN THE GRAVEYARD.
EXACTLY, BUT NOT
THE EFFECTS
COMING OUT
OF THE GRAVEYARD.
WHAT?
DON'T "WHAT" ME!
YOU KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT I MEAN!
MY MONSTERS THAT ARE
IN THE GRAVEYARD....
IF THEY HAVE
AN EFFECT I CAN USE,
I CAN USE 'EM!
NO!
YES! AND I'M SURE I
CAN FIND ONE
THAT'LL COME IN
HANDY RIGHT NOW!
AFTER ALL, IT'S BEEN
A LONG DUEL...
AND I'VE GOT A WHOLE
BUNCHA MONSTERS
DOWN IN
THE GRAVEYARD
THAT I CAN
CHOOSE FROM!
YOU ARE WRONG!
AND ONCE YOU SEE WHAT
I'M ABOUT TO PLAY...
YOU WILL SEE WHY!
GO, ROYAL TRIBUTE!!
IT'S A SPELL...
THAT I CAN ACTIVATE...
SO LONG AS I HAVE
NECROVALLEY ON MY FIELD.
NOW WE DISCARD
ALL MONSTERS IN OUR HAND...
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
YEAH...YA SEE...
WHAT HELPED YOU
OUT SO MUCH
BACK THEN...
WILL HURT YA NOW!
CUZ ONE 'A
THE MONSTERS
I DISCARDED...
WAS A CERTAIN
ELEMENTAL HERO
KNOWN AS NECROSHADE!
AND HE ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
WITHOUT ANY
SACRIFICES ONE TIME.
AND ONE TIME IS
ALL THAT I NEED!
UNH!
BECAUSE THE MONSTER
THAT I'M
GONNA BRING OUT...
IS THE ELEMENTAL
HERO BLADEDGE!
NO...
NOW, BLADEDGE!
ATTACK GRAVEKEEPER'S
CURSE
WITH SLICE AND DICE
ATTACK!
[GROWLING]
[GROANING]
THAT'S GAME! HUH?
Gravekeeper's Assailant:
CHIEF! CHIEF!
Jaden:
HEY, IS HE OKAY?!
Gravekeeper's Chief:
NO!
HE LIVES, HE WAS
AN IMPRESSIVE
OPPONENT.
HEY, THANKS, SOME
OF YOUR MOVES WERE
PRETTY TIGHT TOO, THERE...
IT WAS A SWEET MATCH,
LET'S DUEL AGAIN SOMETIME!
WHAT? YOU MEAN TO
SAY YOU ENJOYED
THE SHADOW GAME??
OH TOTALLY!
I MEAN, I COULD'VE DONE
WITHOUT THE WHOLE FRIENDS
IN THE COFFIN THING...
BUT IT WAS FUN!
AND YOU THREE GUYS?!
VERY SCARY!
VERY TOUGH!
AND YOU, TOO!
YOU ALL FOUGHT GREAT!
HMM.
ONLY ONE OTHER
PERSON
HAS EVER PASSED
THIS CHALLENGE...
THAT IS...
UNTIL NOW.
FOR HAVING OVERCOME
YOUR TRIALS,
I BEQUEATH TO YOU
THIS MYSTIC
MEDALLION.
IT IS YOURS.
OHH!
REALLY?! FOR ME?!
AW, SOME GIFT.
THERE'S ONLY HALF.
BUT OF COURSE.
YOU SEE...THE ONLY
OTHER TO HAVE PASSED
THIS CHALLENGE
HOLDS
THE OTHER HALF.
HOPEFULLY, WHEN THE
TIME COMES FOR YOU
TO BATTLE
IN ANOTHER
SHADOW GAME...
THIS MEDALLION
WILL SERVE YOU WELL.
SWEETNESS.
I'LL BE SURE
TO REMEMBER THAT.
HMM.
HUH?
[SIGHS]
UNH!
[MEOW]
[SIGHS]
Syrus: WE'RE FREE!
Chumley: WHOA, TURN
DOWN THE LIGHTS. MAN.
Banner: I LOVE LIGHT!
LIGHT IS MY FRIEND!
WOW, JADEN,
YOU SAVED US!
Syrus: WAY TO PLAY, JAY!
Banner: I KNEW YOU
WOULD PASS
THIS TEST, JADEN!
I JUST KNEW IT!
WAIT, WHADAYA MEAN, TEST?
DON'T YOU MEAN CHALLENGE?
YES, OF COURSE...
I MEAN...
TEST, CHALLENGE,
IT IS ALL THE SAME,
AM I RIGHT?
ALL THAT MATTERS IS
YOU WON!
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, GUYS?
HA HA HA!
HA HA!
HMM.
YEAH...
HA HA HA!
WELL, THEN.
IT'S TIME FOR YOU
AND YOUR FRIENDS
TO RETURN
TO YOUR OWN WORLD.
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME!
SO HOW DO WE GET BACK?
GO TO THE GATE
OF THE TOMB...
JUST AS THE THREE LIGHTS
COMBINE INTO ONE
SO THAT THE VEIL
OF RADIANCE
APPEARS BEFORE YOU....
OHHHH-KAY.
FOOLS!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THEY MUST BE PUNISHED,
EITHER BY YOU...OR BY US!!
PUNISHED! PUNISHED!
WHAT THE?!
STOP! HE HAS PAID
FOR HIS MISDEEDS,
HE HAS PASSED
THE CHALLENGE!
HIS FREEDOM
HAS BEEN EARNED!
PUNISHED!
[SCREAMING]
PUNISHED! PUNISHED!
JADEN!
HYAH!
HUH?
OH.
IT'S YOU...
YES...I'M
GRAVEKEEPER'S ASSAILANT.
I'M SORRY
I FOUGHT YOU,
BUT I HAD TO OBEY
MY CHIEF.
HEY, IT'S COOL.
UH, JADEN!
DON'T YOU THINK
IT'S RUDE TO
NOT INTRODUCE ME--
I MEAN, US TO YOUR FRIEND?
GO FIND YOUR
OWN FRIENDS...
WHEN YOU FINALLY
RETURN TO
YOUR WORLD...
PLEASE GIVE
A MESSAGE
TO THE OWNER
OF THE OTHER HALF.
TELL HIM YASMIN'S
STILL
IN THE OTHER WORLD,
BUT I HAVEN'T
FORGOTTEN HIM.
AND THAT I BELIEVE
ONE DAY,
WE WILL MEET AGAIN.
OH. BOYFRIEND.
I KNEW IT...
STAND BACK!
HE HAS WON THE CHALLENGE
AND WE MUST HONOR OUR WORD!!
WE ARE THE KEEPERS
OF THE GRAVES,
NOT THE MAKERS!
IF YOU WANT TO HARM
ANY OF THEM...
YOU'LL HAVE TO GET
THROUGH ME!!
[GRUNTING]
I WOULD HURRY.
FOR SURE...BUT, UH,
HOW DO WE LEAVE AGAIN?
OH, I THINK
A FRIEND WILL HELP
SHOW YOU THE WAY...
HUH?
WINGED KURIBOH!
[HOOTING]
HE WANTS US TO
FOLLOW!
THANKS, YASMIN!
HURRY!
[THINKING]
UNTIL WE NEXT MEET...
Jaden: THE LIGHTS!
THEY'RE COMBINING!
WE'VE GOTTA HURRY!
COME ON, YOU GUYS!
OHH!
CHUMLEY! ARE YOU OKAY?
OLD TRICYCLE INJURY.
JUST GO ON WITHOUT ME.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TIME TO WAIT!
SERIOUSLY! GO!
YOU CAN STILL MAKE IT!
NO WAY, CHUMLEY!
WE'RE NOT LEAVIN'
YOU BEHIND!
YOU MUST.
[GROWLING]
I LOVE RUNNING!
Jaden: IT'S NOW
OR NEVER, GUYS!
LET'S MAKE TRACKS!
[GASPING]
AAH!
[KURIBOH HOOTING]
OHH. HEY, GUYS...
HUH?
[SNORING]
HMM. MUSTA
ALL JUST BEEN
A HALLUCINATION
FROM THOSE
MOLDY SANDWICHES...
OR NOT...
HMM. OH WELL, AT LEAST
WE'RE BACK TO ONE SUN...
BUT STILL...
SOMETHIN' JUST TELLS ME...
THE SHADOWS WILL BE BACK...